UFP128 (#32)
FuelLabs/sway-libs: README.md

- [Non-Fungible Token (NFT)](./sway_libs/src/nft/) is a token library which provides unqiue collectibles, identified and differentiated by token IDs.
- [String](./sway_libs/src/string/) is an interface to implement dynamic length strings that are UTF-8 encoded.
- [Signed Integers](./sway_libs/src/signed_integers/) is an interface to implement signed integers.

> - [Unsigned Fixed Point 64 bit](./sway_libs/src/fixed_point/ufp/) is an interface to implement fixed-point numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Unsigned Fixed Point Integers](./sway_libs/src/fixed_point/ufp/) is an interface to implement fixed-point numbers.
```

Author: Fixed
